This is my iPhone 17 Pro setup. In the
last video I showed you guys some of my
favorite accessories that help me make
my phone into a productive device,
>> [music]
>> but in this video I want to share what's
actually on my phone, especially as
somebody who cares a lot about reducing
the screen time and using your phone as
a utility device. So I'm going to go
through my lock screen, the apps I
actually use, and [music] at the end
I'll also share with you some crucial
settings and shortcuts that I've set up
that really change the way I use iOS. So
let's get right into it. So first we got
the lock screen.
>> [music]
>> So if you've been seeing some of the
shorts on this channel, then you've
probably already seen the video that I
made about this, but [music] this is
actually a dynamic wallpaper that you
can set in a date, and you can see how
many days are left until your goal. This
is really useful if for example you have
like a big test coming up or you have
like a marathon.
For me, I have my birthday [music]
as like the end date, and so basically I
can see how many days are left until
[music] my birthday. And personally I
just find this to be really motivating.
Like I've used this browser extension on
my computer that shows me my age
>> [music]
>> throughout my entire 20s. Even on my
website I recently added this module
that you can see how old I am in real
time. I just find that to be really
motivating so that I don't waste any
days
>> [music]
>> doing stuff I don't want to. But yeah,
if you want to use this wallpaper, it's
actually completely free. It's called
the life calendar. All you have to do is
go to this website, you put in the date,
and then you just set as your wallpaper
and add a shortcut, and then it'll
update every day. So it's pretty neat
wallpaper. But besides that, on the lock
screen I have the calendar widget on the
top, so that just [music] shows me
what things I have going on today. On
the bottom I have this widget here,
which is just my steps for today.
>> [music]
>> Like today I've only hit 1,000 steps. I
didn't really go out today, but
hopefully I can still get 10,000 later
when I go to the gym. On the bottom left
there's a search, and this basically
just searches [music] my Obsidian vault,
so I can just search for something
really easily just from the lock screen.
And then on the right, this is a camera
app that I use sometimes, and this is
like a cool vibe when you take photos
with this. So I have that on the on the
lock screen that [music] uh I can still
use sometimes. Obviously,
I can still access the normal camera
either by swiping right or I can just
hit the button on the left which uh
gives me the regular camera. On the left
side of the lock screen, I have some
widgets. [music] So, I have on the top
here, that's Things 3. That's to-do app
that I use. And so, I can just see what
are the most important things I have to
do today. I have the battery, and then
[music] I also have Brick Time. I talked
about this in the last video, and
basically it's this
>> [music]
>> thing that you can tap with your phone
that will lock out a list of apps that
you select. And it's meant for people to
help them reduce their screen time, but
I like to use it just to
>> [music]
>> block out notifications entirely. But,
later in the video, I'll also talk about
algorithmic feeds and how I go about not
wasting too much time on my phone. This
is what my home screen looks like. This
definitely doesn't look that minimal,
and I'm not a minimalist, but compared
to the previous iPhone setup I had, I
had a really minimal setup that I really
liked, but because of the latest update
to iOS, that setup no longer works.
Like, it just looks really bad right
now. So, I've kind of reverted back to a
regular-looking home screen layout. And
until there's a better solution for
that, I'm just going to stick with this
for now. And I'm kind of used to this
now, honestly. But, yeah, I want to go
through
the different categories of apps and
show with you some of the most useful
apps that I'm using every single day.
So, first up right here on the top left,
this is a habit tracker from this app
called Ripples. [music] And even though
I mainly track all my habits in my
journal every day,
I still like to have this like visual
reminder of
how many times I worked out that week
when I don't have my journal on the go.
One of the reasons I like this app is
because you can set up a shortcut
automation so that updates your
uh habits automatically. So, for
workout, when I start a workout [music]
on my phone or anywhere else in Apple
Health, then it'll add a checkbox here.
So, I don't actually have to click
anything. And if I wanted to track it
manually, I can just tap it right here
without going to the app. So, that's
pretty neat. But, this widget right here
is actually scrollable, so I actually
use this
area to track my vitamins if I took them
every day. And that's pretty much it for
this app Ripples. All right, so [music]
this first app right here is Perplexity.
So I've talked with this a few times on
the channel, but this is my favorite app
that I use every day
for AI or reading about the news. The
reason why I like this app over the
other apps is because you can choose
between any of the top leading models
just with one subscription. You also
don't need to use a subscription if you
don't want to, but
yeah, right now I'm using Claude Opus
4.6, which is my favorite one. Compared
with other AI chat apps, first, the AI
hallucinates way less because every
single search you put, they're checking
it against multiple sources and then
they also cite it. And second, they also
have a much better result visually for
whatever it is that you're searching. So
for example, if I search like Apple
[music] stock,
it'll actually show a widget of what the
stock is,
>> [music]
>> and I can learn more about it or ask
questions about it. And if you compare
that to a regular app, like for example,
this is what it looks like in Claude,
you just get [music] way less
information for the same question. On
the top right here, I can also click on
[music] links. So this would be pretty
so much like a Google result. And the
third would be images, so this would be
pretty similar to like Google Images. So
on the top right here, these are their
synthesized news articles. This is
probably the main way that I get new
news these days because a lot of news
apps like Apple News, there's like a lot
of sensational titles and built-in bias.
So
I find that this really just can just
give me the information without
following any like politics or anything
like that. So skipping the stock and
weather app, this next app right here is
called Feed.
And this [music] is a RSS feed app, so
if you don't know what RSS is, you can
basically subscribe to different blogs
or YouTube channels,
news,
and aggregate them all into a single
feed. [music] And I use this app to
track podcasts I'm listening to, blogs I
follow, and also YouTube feeds. So, the
YouTube feeds is actually a pretty nice
feature because you can just follow the
people that you're subscribed to without
having to
open the YouTube app or
see a bunch of other recommended videos.
Yeah, if there's things you follow, I
highly recommend using an an RSS feed
app to track them. But moving on, this
next row right here are my messaging
apps. So, I have WhatsApp, Signal,
Beeper, and LINE.
And the only one really worth talking
about right here is Beeper. So, [music]
Beeper is an app that you can use to
aggregate a lot of your messaging apps
into a single place. I also use this on
my computer to have all my messaging
apps in one place. You can also connect
to WhatsApp and Signal, but the only
thing is you kind of miss out on the
built-in features of the app like
stickers. So, I haven't done that for
these two apps.
I've logged into like my Instagram,
Discord, Telegram, and Slack. Especially
with Instagram and X, it's nice that I
can separate the feed from the DMs, so I
don't have to open up the feed every
time I want to reply to somebody or
message someone.
>> [music]
>> Yeah, of course you got LINE for Japan.
That's the one they use here. All right,
so moving on, this next row, this is my
[music] language learning row. The first
app right here we got is Anki. So, if
you don't know what Anki is, [music]
Anki is basically
a extremely amazing human innovation.
[music]
Basically, we've solved memory with this
thing called space repetition. So, Anki
has an algorithm that calculates the
optimal time for you to review a card so
that you will remember it forever. And
all you have to do is to do it every
day. So, I use it to study Japanese and
to remember different things that I
learn. If you're interested in Anki, I
did make a video about this. It's one of
the first videos I made on my channel,
so I'll link that if you want to check
it out. This next app right here, this
is called Pleco. [music] This is a
Chinese to English dictionary.
So, I grew up in Taiwan, but I haven't
lived there for like 10 years now, so
>> [music]
>> I often forget a bunch of different
words, especially the readings of them.
And what's nice about this one is that
it has a super large dictionary,
>> [music]
>> and I can easily just write words and
look them up. But yeah, that's Pleco.
The next app right here is called
[music] Japanese. So, this is pretty
similar to the other app, except it's
for Japanese. This also has a super
[music] comprehensive dictionary. It has
basically every single word, including
slang, and it's really easy to
search for stuff.
This last app on this row, this one
[music] is called Daijirin. This is a
Japanese to Japanese dictionary. So,
this one's actually made for natives.
Because I'm studying Japanese all the
time, most of the time I like to look
words up using the Japanese dictionary.
And I think this one looks kind of sick
because it actually gives it to you in
like vertical text. But moving on from
the language learning row, this next row
is sort of like the media row. So, the
first one here is Safari. One habit I've
consistently kept up over the past few
years is being really intentional with
my screen time. And so, I want to share
with you how I'm able to do that while
still having social media on my phone.
So, if I'm accessing social media, I
like to do that through the Safari
browser.
And the reason I like to do it through
the browser is because you can actually
install extensions on the browser to
help you make the feeds less addictive.
[music] So, for example, let me just
show you. So, I have YouTube loaded up
right here. I have turned off YouTube
Shorts and I've turned off YouTube
thumbnails.
So, you can see the feed is a lot less
distracting, and I can still go to my
subscriptions, or I can watch a video
from here. I've also done the same
thing, for example, on Twitter. I've
turned off photos and videos, and I can
just use this platform as a text-only
platform. On YouTube, you can do this
with the app called Untrack for YouTube,
and you can customize everything,
including the font.
And on other social media, you can use
this app called Social Focus. It's made
by the same developer. But there's a ton
of different customizations you can make
on every single platform. So, if you
spend too much time on social media,
which I did before, I highly recommend
you either hide the apps or delete the
apps and just access them through the
browser with an extension like this. So,
the next app right here is the
default iOS book app.
So, I think this app is pretty
underrated. It's actually really
powerful. You can upload your own ebooks
and it syncs it across all your devices.
You can buy books from their massive
library and audiobooks and there's no
subscription. So, I quite like the books
[music] app. It also
works really well and is super
beautiful. The next app right here, this
is my favorite app that I used to listen
to music and it's called My Classic.
This app connects to your Apple Music so
you can either upload your own songs or
you can connect to an Apple Music
subscription. I like this app a lot
because it reduces a lot of decision
fatigue and distractions. All I have to
do is to go and click on
shuffle songs and then I can listen to
songs. They also have a kind of like a
cool
video camera, like this retro video
camera that
I've shown in a video before. But yeah,
that's this app called My Classic. One
thing I kind of like about this is when
you're scrolling through, there are
these pretty satisfying haptic feedback.
All right, but yeah, that's it for My
Classic. Okay, so, this folder is called
self-hosting.
And if you don't know what self-hosting
is, it's basically you can make it so
that you can connect to your own
computer and browse your own files. So,
instead of using Spotify for example,
you can connect to your computer and
play files locally from your computer on
your phone. I recently started doing
this. I recently started self-hosting.
Uh maybe you've heard of it before from
PewDiePie's video.
But I have
a few apps here. I'll kind of just
quickly go through them. So, the first
one is Jellyfin TV that I can use to
watch
uh movies or TV shows from computer. So,
the next one is called Immich and this
one's pretty sick. It's a Google Photos
clone that you run on your computer and
you can connect to it from your phone.
So, you can use it to back up photos
from your phone to your computer. This
third one's called Music. It connects my
local library of music. This one is
called
uh still for audiobooks.
This one is called Jump.
>> [music]
>> And this allows you to remotely log into
your computer if it's running at home.
So, this has come in handy a bunch of
different times. And I also talked about
this in the last video, but basically,
you can log into your computer remotely
with your phone, and then you can have a
keyboard mouse set up and actually be
using your computer outside. So, you
could use this on the iPad and phone.
One app if you want to connect to your
computer I would recommend is called
Termius.
So, with Termius you can SSH into your
terminal, and you can also access your
files and even use Cloud Code. This app
is called Tailscale, and that's what
connects your phone to your computer
directly. Like it creates this
connection. [music]
And then this last one is called Apollo,
and you can use this to run local LLMs.
So, you can run them directly on the
phone, or you can run them on the
computer, and then remotely log into it.
So, that that's what I have set up here.
I have like
Quinn 3.5 35 billion parameter model.
The only reasons you might want to do
this is first,
>> [music]
>> it's way faster, so you can use it for
like quick questions. Or you can install
custom LLMs for specific use cases. So,
basically, that's the media row. The
next row,
these are my money apps. And my favorite
one right here is Copilot Money, who is
also kindly sponsoring this video. So,
Copilot Money is a finance and budgeting
app that I've been using for nearly 3
years now, [music] even before they
sponsor any of my videos. I can use it
to go through and check my finances,
update everything, and make sure I'm on
track to reach my financial goals, all
from just my phone at a cafe. I used to
do everything manually, and even at one
point in college, I had a super
extensive Excel sheet. And so, it's
really amazing that now we have a tool
like this that makes it accessible for
anyone to keep track of their finances
without spending hours and hours every
single [music] week. I think the
investing tab in Copilot Money is
honestly way better than most brokers'
apps. You can compare performance
against [music] the index or any other
investments. This app really gives you a
all-in-one picture of your financial
health. And as somebody who quit their
job a few years ago and is now
self-employed, my income right now comes
from many different sources. So, having
one app where I can see everything all
at once is extremely [music] helpful.
Personally, I probably use the
subscription tracker the most. It
automatically categorizes
>> [music]
>> your recurring subscriptions and you can
see if they overcharge you, which has
happened to me before, or you can make
sure that you're not spending too much
on subscriptions. One of [music] their
most popular features, which I also
highly recommend, is the goal feature.
So, you can use that to save up to
something big like a trip or [music]
even something small just by saving a
few dollars here and there. But, you can
use Copilot Money on iPhone, Mac, iPad,
and even the [music] web. So, check out
the link right here so they know that I
sent to you. If you want to try it out,
make sure to use the code Race U 2 to
get 2 months off completely for free.
And let's get back into the video. Yeah,
this next stuff group of apps are Japan
apps and
basically [music] are just the apps that
I use a lot in Japan cuz uh they don't
use Yelp, for example, [music]
and they use a special app for paying
money in demo.
So, yeah, that's the Japan folder. Next
one is Claude. So, I use Claude along
with Perplexity,
>> [music]
>> but kind of for two different use cases.
So, Perplexity, I use it to search for
things because I think it has the most
accurate results, especially because it
sites everything. But, Claude is better
for project-based things. For example,
[music] like you could upload a bunch of
documents and you can ask the questions
about it because it has all the context
or it could have this entire code base
and you can have it fix a bug or ask it
specific questions. And
>> [music]
>> that's not something you can really do
in Perplexity. But yeah, I've been using
Claude code a lot recently, especially
on the computer. It's super powerful. I
think there's at least a 100x
improvement [music] since 2 years ago.
So, if you haven't tried it, I
definitely recommend trying out. Okay,
the last app on this home page is
calculator app, which
I just have it set up so that I can
easily type in like a Japanese price and
I can see how much
it is in USD. In Japan, you can get a
full meal for like 500 yen. So, it's
like $3. On the bottom row, these are
the apps that I probably use the most.
So, the first one is the workout app
that I use and it's called Strong.
So, I've used this app for probably like
7 years now. It just [music] works. You
can create a custom routine and then
every time you want to work out, you can
just click and start it, which really
just makes it way easier and way less
friction for me to do my workouts.
[music] I just go there, click start
workout, and I just do this list of
exercises and I'm done.
So, yeah, this is my favorite workout
[music] app that I've been using for 7
years.
Next one is Things 3. So, this is the
app that I use for to-dos. I've talked
about this
um I think more than a few times on the
channel now, but this is my favorite
to-dos app and it's pretty similar to to
Strong. Like, it's not like there's a
killer feature, but it just works, which
is what you want for a to-do app or for
a workout app. You don't want it to have
a bunch of crazy AI features. You just
want it to do the exact thing that it's
supposed to do really well and that's
what Things is. So, Things I've actually
made a video about it in my memberships,
but you can be as complex or as simple
as you want. With Things, it syncs
across all of your Apple devices and
especially on your computer, it's really
easy to add a to-do. Like, there's a
keyboard shortcut that you can type
anywhere and no matter what you're
doing, you can easily just type in uh
something you have to do and then just
offload it for another time. The whole
concept of Things 3 is based on this
book called [music] the Getting Things
Done system and I definitely feel like
this is one of my favorite productivity
apps. All [music] right, so next up we
got Google Maps,
which is pretty essential in Japan to
get directions and also train
directions. The last app on here is
Obsidian. So, Obsidian is the
note-taking app that I primarily use
and I use it pretty much for everything.
I've made a few videos on this of why I
use this.
So, if you're interested, you can check
that out, but yeah, I use Obsidian.
And moving on to the next page, on this
page, I just have two widgets. So, if
you don't know what the Whoop is, the
Whoop is a fitness tracker that you can
wear in different parts of your body.
So, you can wear it on your bicep or on
your wrist. I just wear it here cuz then
I kind of forget about it.
And then you get analytics about your
recovery, your sleep. And the reason why
I like the Whoop is basically for that
reason that when you once I put it here,
I kind of just forget about it. The
battery life also lasts
>> [music]
>> a few weeks. So, you'll only have to
charge it like once or twice in a month.
So, it's pretty convenient. I actually
lost my Whoop a few months back, I
think, at a hotel. But, uh yeah,
recently I met up with Shervin Shares,
uh this other content creator, and he
had two Whoops. So, he actually gave me
his, and this is his Whoop. So, yeah.
[music] Thank you, Shervin Shares. This
next app right here, this is one of my
favorite apps recently. And this is
called AnkiLock. So, what this app does
is if you use Anki, you can make it so
that your phone is locked down until you
finish your Anki reps. So, for example,
you can set it so that until you finish
your Anki cards for the day, you can't
open up your messages, you can't open up
the news app, and you can't use social
media. And I found this to be super
effective in maintaining the habit of
Anki effortlessly. So, yeah, if you use
Anki, I highly recommend AnkiLock. And
it's also completely free. So, yeah,
those are the main apps that I use, but
besides that, I also want to share with
you some of the shortcuts that I've set
up in the control center that can help
you make your phone
uh more useful.
So, this [music] first button right
here, these are color filters.
So, you can set up color filters so that
it blocks out blue light. And this is
essentially the same thing as wearing
blue light blocking glasses. So, if I'm
using my phone late at night for
whatever reason, it's just so much
easier on the eyes when I have this
setting up. This next one is called
Reduce White Point. This is also a
similar thing. If you want your phone to
to be at a lower brightness than the
lowest brightness,
>> [music]
>> you can enable this thing called Reduce
White Point in Accessibility.
And it basically you can make it even
darker. So, this is useful at night or
if you just want to have like a super
long battery life with
a really dim display. Uh this next one
right here is the zoom filter. So, you
can also set this up in the
accessibility settings, but you can set
up the zoom filter to basically be
grayscale. So, if I ever want
>> [music]
>> my phone to be grayscale, which I've
used my phone grayscale for like
multiple months before, I just have to
click on that button and then everything
is in grayscale. This next one right
here, that looks like a Safari mark, is
actually a shortcut. This one basically
lets you go to the app settings just by
hitting it. So, if you have an app open
and you swipe down and you click on
this,
it will take you to the app settings of
that app. And this is surprisingly
extremely convenient because you don't
have to go through the app list and find
the app that you want to change the
settings of. So, I'll link this shortcut
in the description if you also want to
add that. The next ones here, we have QR
code,
screen recording, flashlight, and Things
3. So, this one is a Things 3 shortcut
that lets you add a task without opening
up the app. So, it kind of just saves a
few seconds. I've also set it up so that
when I'm using the keyboard, I can use
the same keyboard shortcut that I use on
my Mac to add a to-do. This one right
here on the bottom left, this is called
Assistive Touch.
So, Assistive Touch is a setting you
have to enable when you want to use a
mouse with your iPhone. This next one
right here is called Full Keyboard
Access, so you also need to enable this
if you want to connect to a keyboard.
So, I just have the mouse and keyboard
setting here so that whenever I want to
use the setup which I showed in the last
video, which is basically like having my
phone on a stand, having my portable
keyboard, whenever I want to have this
setup, for example, like at a cafe or
something, I just turn on these two and
then I can have this setup. This one
right here is called Background Noise.
So, this is a new thing that's built
into iOS where you can
have it play like white noise or rain
sounds or fire sounds. And I use it
sometimes when I don't really want to
listen to music, but I want to have some
sort of sound, especially when I'm
working. Yeah, this last one right here,
it kind of just saves a second, but it
opens up the camera and cloud so I can
just take a picture and ask it
something. Thanks for watching. Let me
know if you have any questions. I'm
going to try to respond to all the
comments. See you in [music] the next
video. Let's get it.
>> [music]